pale face
Weakness of legs
There is also a cloud of black and purple qi in the kidneys
Ying Dong's disease
OK
Come on, Uncle Yin
Uncle, how are you feeling recently?
Ok ok hey
This is the MD I got just for you
He's at the University of Manos.
Received doctorate
And it is also the place of the divine doctor Mu Chunfeng
Like the shepherd
like thunder
Like thunder
Mr. Lin, don't worry.
Your disease is nothing more than a partial psoas muscle strain
I have prepared medicine for you before I came.
As long as you take this medicine now
You'll be fine in half an hour, right?
If this little thing cures me
I should give him this jewelry.
Hello Mr. Yin
I am Lu Zhaoyue, president of Blue Cloud Group
I also hired a doctor for you
Mr. Lin, I can cure your illness
Mr. Luo, it's okay if you don't want to cooperate with me
You hired such a little security guard to insult me
Is it so easy to deceive to win the sea?
Mr. Ying, you misunderstood.
I have absolutely no intention of asking for seven years
His name is Xiao Fan
Although he is just a security guard in our company
But his medical skills are really amazing
What are you kidding me at this time?
He's a watchdog.
If he can heal
That sow can climb a tree
Hahaha that's right
How could he not see a doctor?
Let him treat Mr. Yin
It's just humiliating you
Do you want them to get out?
Chief, you believe me enough
This jewelry order
I will not cooperate with Blue Cloud Group.